docs: the how to play link led to an error (#5648)
sunflower-land/sunflower-land: README.md

### 👶 How to play ?

> Follow the official guide here: [How to Play?](https://docs.sunflower-land.com/contributing/portals/getting-started)

Reviewer: This isn't exactly the correct link either, it's the link to get started to contributing portals, not the link to get started playing the game. 
It should be this link:

```suggestion
Follow the official guide here: [How to Play?](https://docs.sunflower-land.com/getting-started/how-to-start)
```
